Dear University of Michigan Engineering students: 

At Shell, we’re developing all kinds of ideas to help meet the growing demand for energy. We’re looking for ambitious, capable, and diverse engineering students like you to help us do more and make an impact in today’s society. That’s why we continue to recruit from the University of Michigan and are proud sponsors of the 2014 SWE/TBP Engineering Career Fair! 

Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemicals companies.  With approximately 92,000 employees in over 70 countries, our aim is to help meet the world’s growing demand for energy in economically, environmentally and socially responsible ways.  We are looking for remarkable students and graduates to join our team.

In the US, we operate in 50 states and employ about 22,000 people.  We are a leading oil and gas producer in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, a recognized pioneer in oil and gas exploration and production technology, and one of America’s leading oil and natural gas producers, gasoline and natural gas marketers and petrochemical manufacturers.

For recent graduates, our Shell Graduate Program is a framework that will help you make the most of your potential, personally and professionally. You will build skills through hands-on roles, challenging assignments, and continuous performance feedback. If you are looking for an internship, our Assessed Internship Program will enable you to work alongside professionals on real projects and gain first-hand experience of what it’s like to work with a global company.

Shell Oil does not accept physical resumes at any career fairs or campus events.  It is required for all students and candidates to apply online at \url{www.shell.us/students} if they want their application and resume to be reviewed/considered for an interview.  All new applicants must first apply online and register as a “New Applicant.”  Then, you will receive an email invitation asking you to complete two online assessments.  If you would like to be considered for an interview this fall, please submit your application before September 30th.  

Application Requirements:
• You must have a minimum Cumulative GPA (CGPA) of 3.20 in all degree programs.
• You must have authorization to work in the U.S. on a full-time basis, unless pursuing a PhD.
• Candidate is required to attach current résumé and unofficial transcripts to online application. 

If you want to join a company at the cutting-edge of innovation and work with a team of trusted and supportive colleagues, apply online at \url{www.shell.us/students} and stop by the Shell booth at the Engineering Career Fair to speak with a Shell business representative. 

We are looking forward to receiving your application! 

Sincerely, 

The University of Michigan Shell Recruitment Team  