Dear UM Engineering Students,

Do you want a job or do you want a career? If you prefer the latter, keep reading…

Founded by University of Michigan alumni, headquartered in Livonia MI, and with an Ann Arbor development office, WorkForce Software is one of the fastest growing software product companies in the booming human capital management space. Formed in 1999 with a keen focus on technical innovation, WorkForce Software has grown steadily – year-over-year – by every possible measure: revenues, customers, product portfolio, and employee base. Today our products are at work around the globe, in use by hundreds of thousands of employees on a daily basis, and play an integral role in the day-to-day operations of some of the world’s biggest industries and brands, including most US nuclear power plants, Blizzard Entertainment, major universities, Liberty Mutual insurance, and hundreds more. 2011 was a record-breaking year for us and, at current course and speed, 2012 is on track to become even bigger.

But enough about us… let’s talk about YOU…

You’re passionate about technology. You want to be part of a strong development team that builds great products. You love being challenged and learning from top-notch peers. You understand the power and potential of Java, HTML5, the cloud, and mobile OS platforms. You understand that technology is a means to an end and that, in the right hands, technology can transform businesses and even change lives. But most of all, you know that you don’t want to be just another cog in the wheel. You want to make a difference.

At WorkForce Software, we can offer you an opportunity to leave your mark on the company from day one. You’ll come on-board, hit the ground running, and begin working on projects that will appear on desktops, smartphones, and tablets around the world. 

If this sounds good – and you’re up to the challenge – check us out online and learn more about who we are, what we do, and the customers we serve. If you like what you see, visit us on Monday, September 24th and meet with current members of the WorkForce Software team. 

Best regards,

Ken Olson
VP, Software Development
WorkForce Software
www.workforcesoftware.com/careers