Hello UM Engineering Students!

Dow Chemical is proud to be a sponsor of the corporate directory for the 2012 SWE/TBP Engineering Career Fair. University of Michigan students are "leaders and best" and every year we look forward to participating in Career Fair events on campus, offering young engineers new opportunities, and helping you make a difference.

Dow combines the power of science and technology to passionately innovate what is essential to human progress. The Company connects chemistry and innovation with the principles of sustainability to help address many of the world’s most challenging problems such as the need for clean water, renewable energy generation and conservation, and increasing agricultural productivity. Dow’s diversified industry-leading portfolio of specialty chemical, advanced materials, agrosciences and plastics businesses delivers a broad range of technology-based products and solutions to customers across the globe and in high growth sectors such as electronics, water, energy, coatings and agriculture. In 2011, Dow had annual sales of $60 billion and employed approximately 52,000 people worldwide. The Company’s more than 5,000 products are manufactured at 197 sites in 36 countries.

We believe the diversity our people bring to the workplace is our strength. We value differing experiences, backgrounds and perspectives and foster an inclusive workplace. We are looking for people who will take risks, explore new ideas, collaborate and lead courageously - people who want to make a difference!

Please visit us at Career Fair on Monday, September 24th and talk to our recruiters. We are recruiting for co-op, intern, and full-time positions for most engineering disciplines. We look forward to talking to you about the many exciting opportunities available within Dow. You can find more information about our industries and opportunities at Dow by visiting us on the web at www.Dow.com.

We look forward to seeing you!

Sincerely,
 
The Dow Chemical Company University of Michigan Recruiting Team
