Dear University of Michigan Engineering Students:

On behalf of our partnership with the Society of Women Engineers and Tau Beta Pi, BP America is pleased to welcome you to the 2015 SWE/TBP Engineering Career Fair!  

FULL-TIME, INTERNSHIP & CO-OP OPPORTUNITIES FOR ENGINEERING RELATED MAJORS

Here at BP, you will have opportunities to develop in many areas. From becoming a world-class engineering specialist to pursuing a career in project management or operations; you will experience a journey of consistent growth and development.  Full-time hires at BP will be a part of the Challenge program. This is a program that provides experience of the complete exploration process through a series of 18-24 month placements. You’ll discover the complex, interrelated nature of energy as you work on real projects with real applications and real responsibilities. Everyone will go through a thorough training and development program where you’ll have a structured induction, access to a buddy and mentor, training, managed job rotations, site/field exposure, networking and planned development. With each role, there is a distinct training program.

At BP, we are equally committed to our internship programs. As an intern or co-op you’ll work on real projects that deliver tangible benefits and measurable results. At the same time, you’ll have the opportunity to learn about and help to solve some of the most important issues we face. You will experience genuine teamwork, and work alongside highly qualified and experienced colleagues, while you work on live projects and operations, using the latest equipment and technology.

Depending on your major and area of interest for your career, individuals with engineering related majors may have the opportunity to work within one or more of the following segments in BP: Upstream, Downstream, and Alternative Energy.

BP recruits majors for the following disciplines: Engineering, Science and Business. Candidates with a minimum 3.2 GPA pursuing bachelor’s, master’s and PhD degrees are encouraged to apply for roles of their interest. All applicants are required to apply online at www.bp.com/uscampus for interview consideration. 

We at BP stand for SAFETY, EXCELLENCE, RESPECT, COURAGE and ONE TEAM.  Stop our booth our booth today to learn of more of the exciting opportunities that await you at BP. Join us! 

 Sincerely,
The University of Michigan Recruiting Team
