University of Michigan Engineering Students:

Did you know that by 2050, global energy demand could double? To help us supply the world’s energy needs, we require the best technical minds from across the globe. That is why Shell continually recruits from the University of Michigan, and it’s why we are proud to sponsor the corporate directory for the 2012 SWE/TBP Engineering Career Fair.

We hope you find this directory helpful as you navigate through multiple career opportunities. We also hope that you will consider Shell when it comes time to make your employment or internship decisions.

Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemical companies, employing approximately 90,000 people and operating in more than 80 countries and territories. In the United States, Shell has operations in 50 states and employs about 20,000 people. Shell is a leading oil and gas producer in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, a recognized pioneer in oil and gas exploration and production technology and one of America’s leading oil and natural gas producers, gasoline and natural gas marketers and petrochemical manufacturers. 

We’re currently creating the world’s first floating liquefied natural gas facility – Prelude FLNG. This is a revolution in natural gas production, and it will help unlock new energy resources. In June 2011, Pearl GTL, the world’s largest gas-to-liquids plant, made its first shipment of GTL Gasoil. This GTL technology is helping to meet the world’s growing demand for cleaner burning energy. But our advanced technologies are not the only reason to consider Shell.

Shell has recently been named a “Top 100 IDEAL Employer.” One of the reasons for this recognition is our world-class graduate program. As a graduate at Shell, whatever department you work in, you can expect to make an impact on innovative projects that really matter, helping us find solutions to the biggest of challenges in the most unlikely of ways, all while being supported by coaches and mentors to help you succeed.

If you have the ability to think big and want to join a team of trusted and supportive colleagues, stop by the Shell booth at the career fair, or visit www.shell.us/careers. 

Sincerely,
The Shell University of Michigan Recruiting Team
