Dear University of Michigan Engineering students: 

At Shell, we’re developing all kinds of ideas to help meet the growing demand for energy. We’re looking for ambitious, capable, and diverse engineering students like you to help us do more and make an impact in today’s society. That’s why we continue to recruit from the University of Michigan and are proud sponsors of the 2013 SWE/TBP Engineering Career Fair! 

Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemical companies, employing approximately 87,000 people and operating in more than 70 countries and territories. In the United States, Shell has operations in 50 states and employs about 20,000 people. Shell is a leading oil and gas producer in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, a recognized pioneer in oil and gas exploration and production technology and one of America’s leading oil and natural gas producers, gasoline and natural gas marketers and petrochemical manufacturers.

As an employer, did you know that Shell ranks 14th on the “Top 100 Ideal Employer” and has been recently named by Glassdoor as “Top 25 Companies for Work-Life Balance 2013” and “Top 50 Best Places to Work in 2013?” One of the reasons for these recognitions can be attributed to our world-class Shell Graduate Program and Assessed Internship Program. 

For recent graduates, our Shell Graduate Program is a framework that will help you make the most of your potential, personally and professionally. You will build skills through hands-on roles, challenging assignments, and continuous performance feedback. If you are looking for an internship, our Assessed Internship Program will enable you to work alongside professionals on real projects and gain first-hand experience of what it’s like to work with a global company.

We are also pleased to announce that this year we have refreshed our recruitment and application processes! In order to be considered for an interview, all new applicants must first apply online at www.shell.us/careers and register as a “New Applicant.” Then, you will receive an e-mail invitation asking you to complete two online assessments. If you want to be considered for an interview this Fall, please submit your application before September 30, 2013. 

If you want to join a company at the cutting-edge of innovation and work with a team of trusted and supportive colleagues, apply online at www.shell.us/careers and stop by the Shell booth at the Engineering Career Fair to speak with a Shell business representative. 

We are looking forward to receiving your application! 

Sincerely, 

The University of Michigan Shell Recruitment Team 
